---
layout: post
title: “Kerala? So you must be a communist.”
categories:  tourism
---
1. Being Kerala ruled by a Communist Party (CPI(M)) doesn't mean all the people of Kerala are Atheist. We have lot of temples, mosques and churches in our state.  

2. By seeing some B grade movies, do not judge Malayalam film industry. We have a very rich film industry with many talented people and quality movies.   They come up with amazing scripts which of course Bollywood remakes later. Priya Prakash Varrier was one of the recent produce.Malayalam cinema isn't only about soft porn. Pleaseeee! Our cinema industry churns out some of the best movies every year.

 

3. We are not Anti-BJP, only their ideologies are sometimes annoying, that's why BJP struggle here.

4. We do not like to be called Mallu, instead call us Malayali.

5. “ God's own country.” , it's not just a tag line to attract tourism. Indeed Kerala is a God's own country with beauty of nature as well as cultural diversity.



6. We are extremely proud of our culture, please do not insult it.

7. People getting appalled at our coconut and coconut derivatives intake. Coconut oil/ Hair oil, we are using this from the very first bath we took. Coconut is an integral part of our life.


8. "Why don't you have a gotra?" So yes, we don't have a gotra. We don't have that system. There's not much we can do about it. 


9. People wrongly assuming that we are spread out all over the world because we're greedy for money. Fact is, there are way too many educated people in the state that Kerala just cannot afford to give all of us jobs that suit our caliber. And this forces Malayalis to move elsewhere in search of suitable jobs. 
If you need anything from the Gulf, they are the best person to go to. They will either get it from the Dubai Shopping Festival or The Lulu International Mall (The largest mall in Asia) in Kerala.


10.We aren't all dark skinned fat people. Vidya Balan, John Abraham, Asin Thottumkal, Malaika Arora Khan...all have Malayali roots. Duh!

That our obsession with gold is a recent thing what with so many relatives pumping in NRI money into the state. No! Look at these photographs..
11.  Malayalis can drink like a fish!  you will get totally sloshed but they gonna be normal . No doubt getting drunk is even more fun with them around.

(Compiled from Quora answers in the intrest of our )