---
layout: post
title: DGCA Suspends Licence of 2 Jet Airways Pilots for Runway Incursion at Riyadh
categories:  psu 
---

According to a report published in Economic Times, The Directorate General of Civil Aviation has suspended the flying licence of two Jet Airways pilots for attempting to take off an aircraft from a taxiway parallel to the runway at Riyadh airport in Saudi Arabia last week.

As many as 148 people on board the Mumbai-bound Jet Airways flight escaped unhurt after the aircraft went off the runway following an aborted take off from there on August 3, the airline had said.

An official of the aviation regulator DGCA had said that the pilots aborted the take off after they were informed about a "barrier" on the runway.

The aircraft was taxing at 100 knots. It veered off the runway due to sudden stopping, the official had said

"The DGCA has suspended flying licence of both the pilots involved in runway excursion incident at Riyadh, pending investigation," a senior DGCA official said today.

Earlier today, the Saudi Aviation Investigation Bureau in a release said the aircraft aborted taking off on a taxiway that ran parallel to the runway.

Jet Airways Boeing B737, VTJFS aircraft heading to Mumbai with 141 passengers and seven crew members overshoot taxiway at the King Khalid International Airport, the AIB said.


> DGCA to hire experts to regulate Air Traffic Controllers as India looks to improve ICAO ranking

	Directorate General of Civil Aviation (DGCA) is preparing to hire experts after it was named the nodal agency for providing licences to Air Traffic Controllers (ATCOs) by the aviation ministry to improve a crucial global aviation ranking.

	ATCOs were hitherto regulated by the Airports Authority of India (AAI) but the ministry decided to bring them under the ambit of the aviation regulator after the International Civil Aviation Organization (ICAO) gave India a poor ranking, said senior officials.

	The exercise of licensing ATCOs will require additional manpower at the DGCA, which faces a severe staff crunch.