---
layout: post
title:  Facebook and Instagram’s latest updates will try to stop you from using the apps
categories:  tech
---

Facebook and Instagram’s all new update will help you to spend less time on its app. Social networking giant, Facebook which also owns Instagram released new updates on Wednesday which will allow its users to manage their time spent on the apps. The feature will have a new dashboard which will let the user know how much time they have spent on Facebook or Instagram that day. Within the new feature itself, there is another tool that will let you set daily limits for your usage. And in case you hit that limit, the Facebook app will let you know. You will also be able to mute or push notifications for anywhere from 15 minutes to eight hours at a time.

On Facebook, these new tools will feature in a new section on Settings called ‘Your Time on Facebook.’ On Instagram, the same will be in the settings under ‘Your Activity.’ The new feature which is a part of Facebook’s initiative on digital health tools is aimed at its users getting more control over the time they spend on social media. According to a report in CNET, both Facebook and Instagram want the time people spend on its apps to be intentional, positive and inspiring.

In a statement released by David Ginsberg, director of research at Facebook, he hopes that the new feature will foster conversations between parents and their teens about what online habits are right for them. The new update is in tandem with the realisation among many Silicon Valley outfits about the negative outcomes of their product. Tech addiction has indeed become an issue of worry after a survey from Deloitte in November, 2017 revealed that people tend to check their phones on an average of 47 times in a day.

Apart from fighting fake news and abuse which is prevailing on the platform, CEO Mark Zuckerberg has also pointed out his intentions in the past about the importance of ‘time well spent’ on the social network instead of focusing on the overall amount of time spend on the app. Earlier this year, the company had revamped their news feed which meant that posts from family and friends were given more priority over news and viral videos.

Facebook isn’t the only tech giant who are installing safeguards on its products. Back in May, even Google announced that it will introduce similar time management tools for their next version of Android. A month later, it was Apple’s turn to unveil similar kind of tools on their iPhones
