---
layout: post
title: Had Sanjay Gandhi been alive ?
---
Sanjay Gandhi was a controversial and polarizing figure. At a political discussion an interesting remark came from a Congresman , Had Sanjay Gandhi been alive there would not have been threat of Narendra Modi. Does Congress thinks that Rahul's image is not suffice for handling NaMo Factor ? His son Varun is a BJP MP.

Wiki leaks cable reveals that Prime Ministers 30 year old Son, Sanjay Gandhi abandoned back corridor politics to step into the political limelight.

One thing is certain, had Sanjay's plane not crashed, he would have become Indira Gandhi's eventual successor

Sanjay was 'disowned' by Congress Dynasty the day his widow was thrown out of Indira's house. Many people had doubts about the reason for the plane crash which killed Sanjay. 


In June 1975 his mother, Prime Minister Indira Gandhi, imposed a state of Emergency. All opposition politicians were arrested, and the press censored. Sanjay himself quickly emerged as the second most powerful person in India. Chief Ministers and Cabinet Ministers took orders from him.


According to sources , Sanjay had wanted the Nehru-Gandhi family to rule forever. He persuaded his mother to set up a 12-member committee headed by Swaran Singh to draft a new constitution for India. The document under preparation apparently included a provision appointing Indira Gandhi as the President of India for life and conferring on her family the divine right to uninterrupted rule. To push the process forward, Sanjay got the assemblies of Haryana, West Bengal and Punjab, all ruled by his loyalists, to pass resolutions demanding a new Constitution for the country. Fortunately, Emergency was lifted and the Congress was voted out of power before his plans bore fruition.

Today congress internally seems to miss a vibrant and PM material like Sanjay Gandhi in the Nehru family.