---
layout: post
title: The nation is proud of IITs, says PM Modi
categories:  education 
---

Prime Minister Narendra Modi today said all the IITs have built brand India globally and their students are at the forefront of some of the best startups in India. “The nation is proud of IITs and what IIT graduates have achieved. The success of IITs led to the creation of engineering colleges around the country,” PM Modi said.

Addressing the 56th annual convocation of the Indian Institute of Technology-Bombay (IIT-B), Modi said IITs role become significant in the context of new technologies, like artificial intelligence, block chain, machine learning, and others, which would ensure “smart manufacturing” and shape the world of the future.

The Prime Minister praised the IIT students that they are helping in solving national problems. The biggest corporations of today were startups of yesterday, Modi said. “They were inspired by the IITs and this led to India becoming one of the world’s largest pools of technical manpower,” he said.

Innovation and new technology will decide the trajectory of world growth and our IITs are working for new India’s new technology, the prime minister said.

IITs represent the diversity of India where students from different parts of the country and background merge in pursuit of knowledge and learning, the prime minister said.

India is improving its innovation ranking, Modi said, highlighting his government’s initiatives in this regard. “The Atal Innovation Mission and Start-Up India have resulted in India having the second largest ecosystem in the world (for entrepreneurship promotion). India has become a hub for start-ups.

“In the innovation index, we are going up. We must make India an attractive destination for innovation,” he said.

### Advertise with us


>  Since you’re here…
	… we have a small favour to ask. More people are reading the intelligentindia.in than ever but advertising revenues across the media are falling fast. And unlike many news organisations, we haven’t put up a paywall – we want to keep our journalism as open as we can. So you can see why we need to ask for your help. The intelligent india's  independent, investigative journalism takes a lot of time, money and hard work to produce. But we do it because we believe our perspective matters – because it might well be your perspective, too.

	The Intelligent India is editorially independent, meaning we set our own agenda. Our journalism is free from commercial bias and not influenced by billionaire owners, politicians or shareholders. No one edits our Editor. No one steers our opinion. This is important because it enables us to give a voice to the voiceless, challenge the powerful and hold them to account. It’s what makes us different to so many others in the media, at a time when factual, honest reporting is critical.If everyone who reads our reporting, who likes it, helps to support it, our future would be much more secure.Reach out to editor@intelligentindia.in for advertising with us. 