---
layout: post
title:  Google can now help you get a bank loan. 
categories:  tech
---
 Google can now help you get a bank loan. [The search giant has partnered four lenders](https://www.bloombergquint.com/global-economics/2018/08/28/google-partners-with-banks-to-launch-digital-lending-in-india#gs.8c2eRcE) - HDFC Bank, ICICI Bank, Federal Bank and Kotak Mahindra Bank - to offer instant loans to users of its payments app Google Pay, the new name for Tez. Customers can access "customised loans... with minimal paperwork" and the money will be transferred to their accounts once they accept the terms, Google's Caesar Sengupta said. The payments app claims to have an [active user base](https://techcircle.vccircle.com/2018/08/28/tez-s-new-avatar-google-pay-to-offer-bank-loans-tie-up-with-offline-retailers) of 22 million and an annual run rate of over $30 billion.
 
 At its annual Google for India event, Google announced that Google Pay, which was earlier known as Google Tez, will offer instant bank loans also to its users with minimal paperwork.
 
 

 
 <amp-img  src="{{ site.baseurl }}/images/googlepay.jpg"  layout="responsive"   width="650px"   height="400px"  ></amp-img>  
 
 
 As its expands the scope of Google Pay, the service will soon be available at over 2,000 online merchants and e-commerce websites including Redbus, BookMyShow, Mi and Goibibo, besides over 15,000 retail stores like Big Bazaar, e-Zone, and FBB.
 
 Google was also appreciated for its recent contribution during Kerala Floods. It launched a site to track and locate missing people [Google Person Finder](https://google.org/personfinder/2018-kerala-flooding)
 
 > In a recent update IT Minister Ravi Shankar Prasad met the internet giant's India-born CEO Sundar Pichai.Mr Prasad visited Google's headquarters in Mountain View, California yesterday, according to a statement from Google.  During the visit to the Google Campus, Mr Prasad met senior members of the leadership team at Google to discuss the role technology can play in empowering Indian users and addressing challenges unique to India.He has discussed  the plan to seek greater involvement in the digital inclusion programmes, including the ‘Digital Village’ initiative to empower millions of people