---
layout: post
title: Mahua Moitra - Bio, Wiki, Age, Boyfriend, Husband and Net Asset
categories:  profile
---

Mahua Moitra is TMC MLA from Karimpur Constituency, West Bengal. She has become a trusted lieutenant of Mamta Banerjee. She is increasingly being given responsibility to present the views of the party on national English television channels. In fact, it is Mahua and Derek who are the urbane face of the party. She is considered as one of the most beautiful politicians of India. Her physical attributes definitely played some role in the meteoric rise she has in the world of politics, but no one can deny that she is a strong and courageous woman. She is the first time MLA, but has become the face of TMC at the national level. It will not be surprising if Mamta Banerjee decides to field her from a Lok Sabha constituency in the next General Election.

Profile of Mahua Moitra
Mahua was born and brought up in Kolkata in 1976. She comes from a rich Bengali family and her father Mr. Dwipendra Lal Moitra is well – known figure in Kolkata. She did schooling from Kolkata and later shifted to the USA. She has done graduation in Mathematics and Economics from the prestigious Mount Holyoke College.

After completing her education, she joined J P Morgan as an investment banker. In a very short span of time, she became a widely respected investment banker because of the series of successful investment decisions she made.

At the height of the career when the future was looking bright for Mahua, she resigned to enter the politics back in India. At the time of resigning, she was the Vice President of J P Morgan Chase.

Mahua had first joined the Congress and had become the prominent face of its Bengal youth wing. However, she soon realized that there is no hope for the party in West Bengal and the best it can aspire is to play the second fiddle. She took a wise decision to quit Congress and join TMC.

Husband and Boyfriend of Mahua Moitra
It is quite surprising to note that there is no credible information is available on the public forum about the relationship status of Mahua. She has never disclosed about her personal life. There is no denying that she is living all alone in Kolkata. Currently, she is also single. But, whether she has always been single or a divorcee or a widow is not known. Similarly, there isn’t any info about her boyfriend. In the election affidavit that she filed along with the nomination paper, she didn’t write anything in the column for spouse.

Age of Mahua Moitra
At this juncture, 2017, Mahua is 43 years old. She is a yoga freak and works hard to maintain her body. It is because of this fact that she looks younger than what she actually is.

Net Asset of Mahua Moitra
As per the information available with the Election Commission of India, the total of Mahua Moitra is worth Rs. 1.35 Crores. 
