---
layout: post
title: Xiaomi Mi A2 Launched in India at Rs. 16,999, Pre-Orders Open Thursday on Amazon.in and Mi.com
categories:  tech 
---
Xiaomi Mi A2, the successor to the Android One-running Mi A1, was launched in India at an event in Gurugram on Wednesday. The smartphone was first unveiled in Spain last month, and in line with Gadgets 360's earlier report, Xiaomi has only launched two RAM/ storage variants of the handset in India, choosing not to bring the 4GB/ 32GB variant to the country. The Indian variant of the Xiaomi Mi A2 also comes with Qualcomm Quick Charge 4+, unlike the EU variant that offered Quick Charge 3.0. We already knew the smartphone was exclusive to Amazon and now other details like the Mi A2 price in India, booking process, and release date have been confirmed as well.

Xiaomi also revealed that 10 million smartphones were sold in the last quarter in India. Read on for all the information from the launch event.

Mi A2 price in India and booking details
The Xiaomi Mi A2 price in India starts from Rs. 16,999 for the 4GB RAM/ 64GB inbuilt storage variant. It will come with a soft case in the box. The 6GB RAM/ 128GB inbuilt storage variant was also launched, but, the smartphone will be coming soon, and no price has yet been revealed. It will be made available in Black, Gold, Lake Blue, and Rose Gold colour options.

The Mi A2 will go up for pre-orders on Thursday, August 9, from 12 noon, via Amazon India and Mi.com. The smartphone will go on sale for the first time at 12 noon, August 16, via Amazon India, Mi.com, Mi Home, and Mi Preferred Partner Stores.

Xiaomi Mi A2 launch offers include up to 4.5TB additional data from Reliance Jio, which is also offering up to Rs. 2,200 instant cashback.

Xiaomi Mi A2 specifications
The dual-SIM (Nano) Xiaomi Mi A2 runs stock Android 8.1 Oreo, and being a part of the Android One programme from Google, is certified to offer an optimised Android experience and timely updates. The company is promising "minimal preloaded apps." The smartphone sports a 5.99-inch full-HD+ (1080x2160 pixels) display with an 18;9 aspect ratio and pixel density of 403ppi. It is protected by 2.5D curved Gorilla Glass 5. The Mi A2 is powered by an octa-core Snapdragon 660 SoC (four cores clocked at 2.2GHz and four cores clocked at 1.8GHz) coupled with either 4GB or 6GB of RAM.

The Xiaomi Mi A2 sports a dual rear camera setup, with a 12-megapixel Sony IMX486 sensor in the primary camera, featuring 1.25-micron pixels with an f/1.75 aperture. It uses a 20-megapixel IMX376 sensor as the secondary rear camera, with 2-micron pixels, 4-in-1 Super Pixel tech, and f/1.75 aperture. The rear camera setup also features a flash module. On the front, the Mi A2 bears the same 20-megapixel sensor, complete with a soft-light flash module.