---
layout: post
title: Lynching has become a popular sport in India
---
The National Crime Records Bureau (NCRB) does not maintain specific data with respect to lynching incidents in the country, union minister of state for home affairs Hansraj Ahir told the Rajya Sabha (upper house of Parliament) on July 18, 2018, when asked whether the government “keeps record of incidents of lynching by mobs which are increasing across several parts of the country”. 
 
In its March 2018 response to the Lok Sabha (lower house of Parliament), the home ministry did furnish some data on mob lynchings recorded by states.
 

Between 2014 and March 3, 2018, 45 persons were killed in 40 cases of mob lynching across nine states, and at least 217 persons had been arrested, data compiled by the home ministry show. Details on the motive–whether cow vigilantism, communal or caste hatred, or rumours of child-lifting, etc., location of the attack, identity of the attacker, and victim, were not available.

 
An organization named India Spend and Quint has released the data on LYNCHING in India .Fourteen states–Bihar, Chhattisgarh, Goa, Karnataka, Madhya Pradesh, Manipur, Odisha, Sikkim, Uttarakhand, West Bengal, Andaman & Nicobar Islands, Dadra & Nagar Haveli, Delhi, and Puducherry–had not provided data. Today few Journalists asked Rahul Gandhi about the lynching and his answer was to change the Government.The ruling party in its default mode of polarization is aunable to stop the cow vigilantism, with the 2019 vote a mere eight months away.  During the monsoon session in 2014 when Modi assumed office, incidents of lynching were 644, it rose to 751 in 2015 and the graph grew in 2016 to 703 and finally to 822 cases in 2017.Illegal slaughterhouses and their resultant crime are the main problem behind cow related violence.But how the political parties manufacture 'Hindu fury' that leads to lynching? Were things always as bad in our midst or is the media reporting with more candour? Rape, child abuse, lynching, bestiality, spiritual exploitation, human trafficking, corruption, defamation, exploitation. Not a noble world. Worst nightmares.