---
layout: post
title: Lok Sabha passes amendments to SC/ST Act 
categories:  politics 
---

The government tabled the SC/ST amendment Bill in Lok Sabha  on Monday and it was unanimously passed by the House. The Rajya Sabha passed the constitutional amendment Bill granting constitutional status to National Commission of Backward Classes. The upper House also passed an amendment to the Criminal Law Act that awards death penalty to child rape convicts.

The Lok Sabha was adjourned for 10 minutes after Congress and RJD members protested over Muzaffarpur shelter homes rapes.

N.K. Premachandran brings two amendments. They are not accepted.

Adhir Ranjan Choudhury brings an amendment to make the Bill come under the Ninth Schedule. The amendment is negative through voice vote.

Asaduddin Owaisi (AIMIM) brings an amendment. It is also negative.

Amendments brought by the government are accepted.

The Bill is passed and the House is adjourned.

Minister Thaawar Chand Gehlot responds. He thanks all members for supporting the Bill.  He recalls Prime Minister Narendra Modi's first words, that the government will be for the Dalits and backward class people. When the Supreme Court questioned reservation in promotion, government filed a review petition and ensured reservation continues, he says.

He repeats what he said on reservation in Rajya Sabha during a discussion on the NCBC Bill.

On why delay in bringing the Bill, Mr. Gehlot says the cabinet decided we would file a review petition first. If you still think the Bill is late, you could have brought it in the last 10 years, Mr. Gehlot says pointing at the opposition.