---
layout: post
title: What is wrong with India?
---
All Indians agree that we are brought up learning the slogan “Mera Bharat Mahan” which means My India is Great . There are several aspects which makes India Great. Its the birth place of many poets, mathematicians and scholars. Former Prime Minister Indira Gandhi asked the first Indian in space, Rakesh Sharma, about how India looked from space. His response was our famous patriotic song, "Saare Jahaan Se Achcha." We are always proud on our legends and heroes but is that the case today ? Do we think that Mera Bharat Mahan and Saare Jaha se Achcha are slogans relevant in today’s world ?


One aspect of india that is anything but overstated in her diversity. Despite being a hindu Majority Nation, India has more Christians that those in Australia and more muslims than those in Saudi Arabia. Today such a beautiful country is suffering because of the politics and political parties. Political parties are trying to align Dalit’s to their agenda and the great Indian reservation quota is in news nowadays. If you watch television nowadays , We see a new kind of politics in all debates and morning news - Ambedkarite politics . Recently 11 people were killed in the protests and there are several other things happening around Ambedkar. UP Government changing Ambedkar’s name by adding Ram as initial, Vandalizing of Ambedkar Statues , Cow Vigilant doing moral policing etc etc. Where is the politicians heading the country ?

The rising number of crime against women is another growing issue in India. Rape is the fourth most common crime against women in India. It is one of the most burning, hard hitting, sensitive social problem existing in developing India which demands a high level of comprehension, observations and practical outlook to find its solution which majorly includes what and how India has transformed from what..... in last 20 to 25 years. The passive aggression on social media has subsided and our online protesters are 'waiting' for the next big thing to prove their social responsibility. Today when i am writing this , We were waiting on PM Modi to break his silence on such heinous crimes.




Politicians and Media is the biggest problem in India. We only have politicians today and not leaders. I asked the Google God to show me some leaders he knows and surprisingly here is the result. We have one few from our era too.


Google Search result is enough to make you understand about the difference between a leader and a politician. Politicians knows on how they can polarize the overall perception of voters.For their petty advantage they are making use of the media to divert the actual socio economic problems to non realistic issues. The concept of jugaad — a Hindi term for improvising creative solutions — is becoming big in business the world over. These Neta’s are only providing Jugad’s to the citizens where the root cause remains there for them to encash in next elections. I usually don't miss the opportunity to talk to a rickshawalah/cab drivers in any city I visit.These guys provide great insight into the city by virtue of being Silent Spectator to backseat action. I asked one of the drivers if he is happy driving the cab in city. He shared worst of his life experiences from his education to love story and the opportunities he missed but after all the miseries of life he want to stay in India. He shared his notion on the Indian politics and the cunning leaders but he still see hope in India . People here really love their family, country and hate the politics, moral policing , violence and news channels.

The views expressed in this article are the authors' own and do not necessarily reflect Intelligent India's editorial stance. 