---
layout: post
title: Online Recruitment Applications (ORA) are invited for direct recruitment by selection through  UPSC Website by 30th August, 2018.
categories:  jobs 
---

1. (Vacancy No. 18081501611)
Three Junior Technical Officer, Directorate of Sugar &
Vegetable Oils, Department of Food & Public Distribution,
Ministry of Consumer Affairs, Food & Public Distribution (UR-03).
Of the three posts, one post is reserved for Physically Challenged
Persons viz. Orthopaedically Handicapped / Locomotor
Disability/ Cerebral Palsy with disability i.e. One leg affected
(Right or Left) (OL).


2. (Vacancy No. 18081502211)
Two Junior Scientific Officer (Biology), Central Forensic
Science Laboratory, Directorate of Forensic Science Services,
Ministry of Home Affairs (OBC-01, UR-01).


3. (Vacancy No. 18081503211)
Two Scientist 'B' (Physics), Central Forensic Science
Laboratory, Directorate of Forensic Science Services, Ministry
of Home Affairs (UR-02).


4. (Vacancy No. 18081504211)
Four Deputy Legislative Counsel (Grade-III of Indian Legal
Service), Legislative Department, Ministry of Law and Justice
(OBC-01, UR-03). Of the four posts, one post is reserved for
Physically Challenged Persons viz. Orthopaedically
Handicapped/Locomotor Disability / Cerebral Palsy with disability
i.e. Both legs affected but not arms (BL) or One leg affected (Right
or Left) (OL) or One arm affected (Right or Left) (OA) or One leg
and one arm affected (OLA).


5. (Vacancy No. 18081505611)
Seven Chemist and Metallurgist, Railway Board, Ministry of
Railways (SC-01, OBC-01, UR-05).


6. (Vacancy No. 18081506611)
One Principal Officer (Engineering) cum-Joint Director
General (Technical), Directorate General of Shipping, Ministry of
Shipping (UR-01).


7. (Vacancy No. 18081507111)
Nine Lecturer (Medical Laboratory Technology), Department
of Training & Technical Education, Government of NCT of Delhi
(SC-01, ST-01, UR-07).


8. (Vacancy No. 18081508511)
Six Vice-Principal/Asst. Inspector of Training/Industrial
Liaison Officer-cum-Officer-in-Charge/Training Officer,
Department of Training and Technical Education, Government of
NCT of Delhi (SC-01, UR-05). Of the six posts, one post is
reserved for Physically Challenged Persons viz. Orthopaedically
Handicapped / Locomotor Disability / Cerebral Palsy with
disability i.e. One leg affected (Right or Left) (OL) or One arm
affected (Right or Left) (OA).


The candidates willing to apply for the above posts are advised to visit
Commission's ORA website www.upsconline.nic.in. The
detailed advertisement along-with 'Instructions and Additional
Information to Candidates for Recruitment by Selection' has been
displayed on Commission's website www.upsc.gov.in as well
as on the Online Recruitment Application (ORA) website
www.upsconline.nic.in