---
layout: post
title: CTET 2018 Notification | New Amendment in Eligibility Criteria – Today Last Date to Apply
categories:  education
---
CBSE amended a change in the Central Teachers Eligibility Test (CTET) eligibility criteria for the online application 2018. The authorized Board of the CTET Exam for the year 2018 has announced an amendment in the eligibility criteria. Although the candidates can apply online for the CBSE CTET Exam till the last date i.e 27 August 2018.

CBSE Central Teachers Eligibility Test online application process has started on 1st August 2018. Now when it has reached near to its last date, CBSE has introduced a new change in the eligibility criteria on the official website. Check out the new amendment by the Board for the CTET 2018 eligibility below.

CBSE finally released an official notification on the official website of CTET (Central Teachers Eligibility Test) regarding the eligibility criteria for Primary teachers. As per the new added eligibility, candidates holding B.Ed degree can also apply for the Primary Teachers post in CTET 2018. CBSE has added that a candidate having Graduation degree with at least 50% marks and Bachelor of Education Degree can also apply for the Primary teacher (Class 1 to 5) post.

Although the candidate holding the B.Ed Degree from NCTE approved institution, appointed as the Primary teacher has to go through a six months Bridge course within 2 years of the appointment by CBSE via CTET Exam 2018. For more details regarding the new CTET 2018 amendment.

As the new notification regarding the CTET Primary teachers eligibility criteria for the year 2018 has mentioned that the interested candidates can do so during the correction period time of the online application and the same has been extended till 15 September 2018 for the CTET Exam. Although still, the applicants await exam date of the Central Teachers Eligibility Test for the year 2018.

Tags ; #CTET2018