---
layout: post
title: What are the best places to stay in Goa?
categories:  tourism
---
Best Time;

October to March - This is the IN season in Goa. The place is flocked by oversees tourists as well as Indians. The prices for everything from rental bikes to hotels to flight tickets soar during this time. But this is the time you get to experience the Goa as it is known. The days are pretty hot so a good time to be at the beach and better to be in the water at the beach. The water sports are in full swing during this time at most of the beaches in Goa. The night time is a carnival of sorts with lights, music, booze, tourists and more booze all around you. The night goes on till early morning at most of the places.




April to September - This is OFF season. The prices go down, the tourist is mostly local, half the places are shut, some of the beaches are forbidden to take a swim in, overall its relatively calm. Relatively calm in Goa is still happening than most other places in the country. And once it starts raining, it might not stop for a few days or weeks or months. Rains are a spoilsport for any beach destination but Goa is beautiful during the monsoons. 


Places;

People come to Goa assuming that they can see the entire place in one trip but mind you Goa is a STATE. A small state is still way bigger than a big city. 




For first timers wanting to visit Goa for its beaches, booze, parties and the whole carnival atmosphere, North goa is the place to stay where one can decide from Candolim, Calangute, Baga, Anjuna or Vegator beach, these are the most sought after by the tourists. But obviously, there are other options available.

Palolem and Columb beach in South Goa are also similar but relatively quieter or less happening for some people and more popular among the foreign tourist.

There are other beaches and booze and accommodation is available at almost all of them. Like Colva, Majorda, Bogmalo etc. 

For people who are not too excited about the beaches, there are some churches located at pretty awesome locations like the Three Kings Church and there are also some really cool hikes and waterfalls within 2 hour drives in and around Goa.

The Portugese architecture in Old Goa is also something to see, if you are really interested.




Accommodation;

It is available in all shapes, sizes and prices. From the super awesome cheap one room shacks right on the beach to the boring star rated hotels with there sea facing rooms, pool on the beach, private beach area etc.

There are also rental apartments for short stays as well as longer stays.




Points - 

- Goans are in general very helpful and courteous but imagine for a shopkeeper to answer the same questions, everyday to different sets of tourist, be patient.

- Rental bikes or cars or would save you on money and help you get the feel of Goa. Taxis are shit expensive.

- Public transport is not developed enough for a tourist to be comfortable with it.

- Booze is dirt cheap when compared to other places in India. I love Goa.

- Drugs are not easily available as some people hope. If you want to do them just for the sake of it and the high doesnt matter, you can find people selling shitty stuff as some specific places.

- Most good clubs have an exceptionally high charge for stag(boy only) entry. Couple entry is generally fairly priced with full cover charge.

- Spending lower on accommodation and more on other things - personal advice.

- Decide in advance what you want out of your trip and accordingly the place to stay.



#GOA #GoaTourism