---
layout: post
title: WAYNAD TOURISM - Visit Wayanad Wildlife Sanctuary this weekend.
categories:  tourism
---
Wayanad sits on the edge of UNESCO heritage site Nilgiri biosphere in Kerala with amazing divergence in nature. A number of tribes inhabit this region, in fact, most of the state’s tribal population have made this their home adding that distinct societal influence. One could visit the defunct Jain basidi at Sulthan Bathery, which was once an ammunition dumping ground for Tipu Sultan of Mysore. Learning that the forests were once reserved for private hunting by Mysore royalty, British viceroys and Russian Dukes, this location makes sense.


Wayanad Wildlife Sanctuary is an animal sanctuary in Wayanad, Kerala, south India. It is on the way from Mysore to Sultan Battery. A variety of large wild animals such as Indian Bison, elephant, deer and tiger are found there.


 
Kalpetta, the small town lying on the Kozhikode- Mysore National Highway is the headquarters of Wayanad district. It is about 72 km from Kozhikode. The town surrounded by coffee plantations and mountains is a tourist hub as well as a major trading centre in the district. It is through Kalpetta the spices, coffee and tea produced in the mountains of Wayanad are traded out to various other regions of India. Kalpetta is a stronghold of the Jains and you can see temples and various institutions run by Jains here. There are about 500 Jain families in Kalpetta today.



Kuruvadweep is an island on one of river Kabini’s tributaries. Green forest cover abounds; it is a calm and serene environment meant for a stroll in the woods. It is uninhabited; picnicking and partying is better left outside the island. Nearby, Pakshipatalam is a bird sanctuary with rare species of birds and herbs. This is a great venue for trekking and photography lovers. Rishis used to meditate in the caves present here. 

At the south-western tip of the district, the road exit to Kozhikode at Lakkidi offers an amazing view of the Thamarassery ghats called Neelimala view point.

 