---
layout: post
title: PM Modi to attend 4th BIMSTEC Summit in Kathmandu, Nepal
categories:  politics
---
 PM Modi to embark on two-day visit to Nepal for the fourth BIMSTEC summit; Increasing cooperation on key issues like security and terrorism on the agenda; Also connectivity and economic cooperation; PM hopes the conference will lead to a more peaceful and prosperous region.

Prime Minister Narendra Modi will be in Kathmandu on Thursday to attend the 4th BIMSTEC Summit. The focus of the two-day summit is countering terrorism, enhancing regional connectivity and boosting trade.

Members of South Asian and South-East Asian countires will gather at the 4th BIMSTEC Summit to be held in Kathmandu on August 30 and 31.

Leaders from the seven-member group of nations will build on progress made since the Goa Summit besides deliberating on ways to strengthen the agenda for regional cooperation and integration.

BIMSTEC- a regional organisation is rapidly gaining momentum as a strong economic and strategic grouping. During the summit, leaders are expected to hold discussions on wide range of issues including security and counter terrorism, transport and communications, environment, disaster management and strengthening economic cooperation.

BIMSTEC or Bay of Bengal Initiative for Multi-Sectoral Technical and Economic Cooperation, is a grouping of seven countries including Bangladesh, Bhutan, India, Myanmar, Thailand and Sri Lanka. The bloc accounts for nearly 22% of the world's population, and has a combined GDP of over $2.8 trillion.

Most importantly, these countries share a common heritage as well as aspirations for peace, prosperity and development.

Prime Minister Narendra Modi will hold bilateral talks with leaders of BIMSTEC countries on the sidelines of the summit. This is Prime Minister Modi's fourth visit to Nepal during his current tenure and symbolises growing regional integration between the South Asian and South East Asian regions
  
Tags;   BIMSTEC, Summit Nepal, Narendra modi
