---
layout: post
title:  Download Telangana TSLPRB SI admit card/hall tickets 2018 online at tslprb.in - Telangana State Level Police Recruitment Board 2018 
categories:  education
---


The Telangana State Level Police Recruitment Board 2018 has released the TSLPRB SI Admit card/hall ticket on the official website tslprb.in. Candidates trying to download TSLPRB SI hall tickets/admit card 2018 can visit the official website and fill in the blank space with the required information including roll number, registration number, date of birth.

As per latest information, the authorities will fill about 1217 vacancies through the Telangana State Level Police Recruitment Board 2018. TSLPRB examination will take place across the examination centers on August 26, from 10 am to 1 pm. About 1.88 lakh candidates have applied for the examination.

Steps to download TSLPRB SI hall tickets 2018

– Log on to the official website i.e. tslprb.in

– Click on the tab “Hall ticket”

– A new window will open and candidate need to enter the required information including roll number registration number and other asked information in the blank space.

– Submit the details online

– Admit Card/Hall ticket will be displayed on the screen.

Candidates are advised to take a printout of the admit card and carry it at the time of examination.

Telangana State Level Police Recruitment Board 2018 (TSLPRB); Vacancies

– Stipendiary Cadet Trainee (SCT) Sub Inspector of Police (Civil) (Men & Women) in Police Department; 710

– Stipendiary Cadet Trainee (SCT) Reserve Sub Inspector of Police (AR) (Men & Women) in Police Department; 275

– Stipendiary Cadet Trainee (SCT) Reserve Sub Inspector of Police (SAR CPL) (Men) in Police Department; 05

– Stipendiary Cadet Trainee (SCT) Reserve Sub Inspector of Police (TSSP) (Men) in Police Department; 175

– Stipendiary Cadet Trainee Reserve Sub Inspector of Police (TSSP) (Men) in 15th Bn, TSSP in Police Department; 16

– Station Fire Officer in Telangana State Disaster Response & Fire Services Department; 19

– Deputy Jailor in Prisons & Correctional Services Department; 15

– Assistant Matron in Prisons & Correctional Services Department; 2

Keep surfing this space for more and latest news updates.


TAGS ;

    hall tickets 2018
    Telangana
    Telangana State Level Police Recruitment Board 2018
    TSLPRB SI admit card
    tslprb.in
	TSLPRB Hall Ticket 2018 



