---
layout: post
title: New data suggest Microsoft is posing more competition to the public cloud market leader, Amazon. 
categories: tech
---
 
Microsoft again gained more market share in the cloud business than top competitors in the second quarter, one technology research firm said.

The findings suggest Microsoft is posing more competition to the public cloud market leader, Amazon. They come as Amazon and Alphabet's Google release products that address a key area that Microsoft embraced before they did: "hybrid cloud," which means customers can use a mixture of cloud services and software they run in their own data centers, and manage both with a common set of tools.

Microsoft has outgrown its top cloud platform competitors in the second quarter of 2018, growing its market share by three percentage points to 14%, CNBC reported.

At the end of Q2 2018, Amazon had 34% market share, while Google had 6%. Amazon’s market share is bigger than its next four closest rivals combined.

The findings come from new data released by Synergy Research, which stated that Amazon and Google grew their shares of the cloud market by one percentage point each.

In the second quarter, Microsoft Azure held 14 percent share in the cloud infrastructure market, Synergy Research said late on Thursday. Microsoft gained 3 percentage points of market share year over year, while Amazon was flat at 34 percent and Google was up 1 percentage point, coming in at 6 percent. Microsoft also had more share gains than Amazon and Microsoft in the fourth quarter and the first quarter, according to Synergy's calculations. (This market is distinct from software-as-a-service, and does not include hosted applications such as Microsoft Office 365, Salesforce, or Workday.)